there's a ninth place to put the shoes my look what look at my cheers.
Yeah, they look like the fan of stair steppers.
Huh? Yeah, just like the Invisible Man Burp. Yes, there was.
Yes, he was. What was it called the Invisible Man.
It was kind of a show kind of like the shadow was actually.
No, I think they made a remake of it with Chevy Chase.
That was really lousy, though you know what you could do.
That would be just really helpful. How you could take these coat cans. put them in the bag full of coke cancer in your bedroom.
Can't switch question for the recycling Tara please.
My fear tomorrow. Well, can you just put them in the bag in there?
For now, with that clean up in here this place is just totally crashed, because I've got nothing to sweep it.
Study and be sick. i've got really that dental problem, or something without, and that a sinus infection or something.
Don't, please I know it's tempting what i'd like you to do is put those cans away.
Please we're all there there yet. there. they are what Do you Let's make a statue of Hamburger City statue of Hope.
Yeah, they'll swing sweet kid. Oh, man hey? why don't you give your iguana a little bit of banana, too.
He probably really likes. He probably really likes some banana.
When I think this is Robbie shirt and his Harley Davidson scarf right isn't that Robbie's shirt and Harley Davidson scarf from the summer I want to get that back to them tomorrow we go to his
birthday. I need to get yeah what do you think he'd like to have could go over towards to me.
I brought the twizzers catalog is right over there. Why don't you have a look at it and see if anything comes to mind for something you think Robbie would like to have for his birthday Yeah, I know you
press you think somewhere that you want for Christmas But right Now we're thinking about him and his birthday. here.
I'm gonna get started on this chicken pizza.
Anybody actually takes me up on this. it comes really yeah are they good things.
Yeah, and there's also 33 of box there really pull with goodies and coupons. Oh, wow!
That's why i'm going to get back Well, they may like when you try to find And huh! yeah, package Is that fully yucky stuff? or what are sure it's gone like a tape record?
Oh, it is See you clean your roof there's the scrawn to the and you play it, and the gross is clear.
Your so. Is it kind of like one of those talk, boys that was in?
How much would something like that cost that sort of okay? cause 9, 99.
Are you sure? Well, we could probably afford that 29 all right. Hang on just a second. I think it says 1299.
And then right here it's just yakpac 9 99.
Maybe it means you have pack one. She Would get I don't know. Why don't we go to toys r us tomorrow?
Research it. we'll see also what it says they are there because I really don't know It's hard to tell, you know, if I can afford it.
Unless I know exactly what the price is on it. Also, some movies really museum cost 2 little lesson. It was saying. they were going to buy the movie Casper.
The ghosts today was that Jack and Mom, You know what the fun the except you ask your cause with questions over trap I just reject.
Yeah, like a week we used to call Luigi Boards.
Oh, God, my head hurts! Did you like it? huh? Like Yeah, I used to love whichboards when I was a little girl.
They were really fun, whereas we always ask them questions. Where to do the answer to?
I bought like that, My man. my friends, feel like they're going to come out.
Well, i've either got a sign this really bad signus infection.
I've got an impacted tooth or something but my my hand hurts all the way up.
My nose. My chief hurt basically I just i'm a mess babe.
You don't know that Robbie does like control cars.
I see lots of them in here. Oh, does he he likes those? Well, he has jabs into that, too, because he's into those holidays, Dr.
Dreadful drink Club The Who? what? Dr. Dreadful! Dr.
Dreadful drink. laugh. Really, mind me tomorrow when we go shopping, that I want to get some potting soil. Because I want to put these geraniums in a pot.
Because why? they aren't dead I don't know because all I do is take them to the brink of death all the time, and and somehow they managed to keep surviving me, and all my neglect.
But I want to get him in a pot because one of them is going to flour it's so pretty and if they were, you know, in a pot with good soil and water they'd be just beautiful, they'd be out and
rolling, I could find the recipe for my relations chicken pizza again. I had the longest day at work today.
Just took care of. Okay, let's see I plan my recipe is. you can check the part because I move my hand if it looks at the snowman.
I almost hope nobody does show from snicks I thought it already.
Now the pride of synthesis money in a cold gun.
You have conclusion change will be is I want to get some more lights in here, for here, so we can there we are.
There's bunch of recipe not too much people Well, I got the heat from every well that reminds me I've got the heat turned on in here, so we've got a guess here. in here.
So everyone's gonna want a little fire on and you see like flames. go on, or something.
Don't was scared but don't mess with this here and this plate in your bedroom. The landlord's got to put a bent over it.
Come here, i'll show you listen here no touch this is Okay, yes, meter or touchless.
And don't mess with this type here at access for the gas posters.
Thank you so that in mind because that's not up to building code, the gas guy when he came and told me that's not code. He said. it wasn't that it was unsafe but still you'd be very careful about it.
All right. Okay, Okay, So come here. What do you want me to put on your pizza?
You have pepperoni and stuff on your pizza. Or, yeah, I want some pepper.
Rummy some Okay, monster, I left it's not sort of like that white cheesy. it's all streaming and melted kind of like.
Figure out you know what you can do, no it's wonderful I know pizza just seems weird to have a pizza. but it's really good, Yeah, you said Chicken.
Yeah, I know. Oh, man, I forgot to get the Pam cooking the Do you need Nasa treatment?
No. just got a call free shirt. You get sneakers, some fresh lettuce.
Yeah, i've got chicken catch tory here too, honey, that I can heat up for you if you're hungry.
It takes too long for me to make the pizza okay, I know you're probably hungry. hey? what i'll make your pizza. first, because you're it's easy to make and Then i'll make this
fancy 1 s that way. you won't have to wait until I don't know.
I don't know if these people show up play something whatever I think we'll just stay Well, I don't know.
Treat Box his coupons to toys, arrest. Get your free nickelodeon or tree box.
Box. Okay, we're gonna make ears who's been dirty kid.
See who's that man? You can go over here. So you go into a computer lab now with the chemo learning institute.
Is that fun? Yeah, didn't go last Friday? Because I Forgot? Well, did you? Does it? just started?
Huh? Yeah, we're not sure if they counted I don't know.
There you Today I go to California this weekend. These you know how to great cheese rich.
Yes, I Did your pardon i'm sorry I can't hear you, Do you? don't go out no I do know how to. i'm wondering if you would like to break some machines to put on sure are you enjoying just
looking at your catalog you don't have to do that if you don't want to.
We're going to put sauce on the here is space Hertz: Yeah. Okay, i'll wait until after that.
Well, putting sauce on it's real simple all I have to do is open a can about the eyes.
We're doing things very similar. They Have cost given to here too.
Do they have a tick costume that you want to know?
Gargoyle. Well do you want to be a clown or an engine.
It's been at the tip or what did you take I think it takes pretty class to myself.
I was telling everybody at work that you wanted to be the tick for Halloween, and they thought that was cool because everybody at work watch us in a tick, and they like it, too.
I thought that was pretty. funny. myself. that's really amused to me because, you know, did the he's really down No, I think he's very fine.
Yeah, that's why dominant show off yeah he is like a South from here.
Researcher has great art. there's the moth right he's. the buddy rather here, like a bunny rabbit, but I mean he's supposed to be a moth in real life.
Right, man. We gotta get rid of some stuff on. Get one stuff in here.
That sense. Okay, Okay, now, where are we at? I still found the songs some time.
Yeah. Prep: 2 chord speed adjustment, 6. second memory.
Everything 7 up real. It's from this and today. think that's what Robbie would like for his birthday.
More than anything Ok. Well, then, that's what we're getting if that's what you think that's nice be invited to this birthday.
You implies you guys have to be friends. Where in the heck did I put that the sauce anything tonight?
Up I can't find you anything really crazy because some of them would put them over here.
Let's see you mean this pizza sauce Yep, that's exactly what I live in here.
Thank you, big, Maybe you're doing blind well at least you in my mind.
Yeah, mom, why is the green ball out there? did anyone play Kruger, or you know I boss could sit down there forever.
We're also missing a blackboard that balance all right ones have pepperoni pizza coming out with a pipe.
Well, okay, what they had moving back there outwards I give up what they have.
I'll give you hit it's the the guy who wrote. It was the same person who wrote this secret garden,
A little princess. Oh, that's right it's also one video and toys a rust.
Now, for some reason, do real well. Well, the movie theaters didn't the hell is this?
No mom hated great in the movie. theater, isn't it yeah for some reason I was under the impression that it didn't that it didn't do that.
Well, honey, but I could be wrong. Man, come on over now.
Let me break this key for me. You know how to do this.
Yeah, don't get your knuckles all bloody though.
You got to be careful, and i'm going to take this pizza crest off the dishroom here.
So it's going is so small and I hope nobody shows up because this place is such a dirty thing.
I like you were good for Jack and Joanne, too, and they called me over.
That was nice of them to do. Was it hard? sitting in the back of their trunk?
They got a pretty small truck. huh? Well, sure that I want to sit back there.
And you know this is some said no shred there's no room.
It was all room for me in Zach opposite sides from Thea, so that they put shred in the front seat between them.
Yeah, yeah, poor shred, I guess what shred chase data rounds to catch you.
That collar accepted that they don't look he has raby shots.
How is their soccer game, did they win their soccer game? I didn't ask that, was Robbie shrimp on the corner, I said.
I looked around, and I sure have come in the wind I thought there's actually shreds, and is your grandmother feeling better, and you go home.
Just supposed to go to the Dixie Land Jazz Festival.
This weekend one of the venues you're seeing is oh, yesterday yeah, true.
Give me a bring me over there and then we cannot find your that's usually pretty crowded and busy over there.
Yeah. Okay, So did Dad take Marianne with him to San Francisco?
Or did he just go by himself? I I don't I think you just wanted to get out of the valley for a while.
Have a great, I said. I think you just wanted it. I think you just wanted to get out of the valley for a while.
I think he just needed a break. he hasn't really had a vacation. You know.
How did they go on vacation? I think. so right here?
Yeah, that's fine. you know what let's open that box or that package of astronomy not Pastrami Pepperoni.
Let me put these on there, you know, but that you want the pepperoni under the cheese or the pepperoni on top of the cheese topic of achievements.
Okay, so did it. Yes, sprinkle which you user had to man.
He had to learn here. he had some money for you and either. Abigail needed up while still this is a month which money used to sing that I remember that from the book's bunny show that one I rented I like I like those
ones. Yeah, my favorite one was Window. It was the deaf.
He deformed the quack busters. That was my favorite, this one where Bugs Barney was talking to that vampire, you know you would crack up, or he would turn into the bath.
He said. he said to the focus focus i'm an Empire focus focuses on.
But i'm about you i'm a kidabel we're just about the glasses. Are would you whack Say you over cheese in this kiddo lovely when it cuts more off let me load these dishes into the
sink. Okay, here's slide over this is really tough questions working because it's a teeny books and everything on this.
To sunlight. Yeah, and i'll open up the cap strong Pepperoni.
I'm tired how is Why, are you against me Hudson no, i'm just gonna say the strongest it's because i'm having a dome attack no you're having a long attempt or a drink amongst the